Tired of searching for subtitles?
Ray generates them instantly: getray.app
["Nemesis" playing]
[music ends]
[guards speaking Russian]
[Bradley sighs]
[lights buzzing]
[sighs]
[guards speaking Russian]
[gasps]
[in English] Please! Please.
Can you turn off the light?
Just for a few hours--
[keyboard keys clacking. mouse clicks]
[printer whirring]
[Yanko] And security is ramping up
in Paris as the city prepares
for the opening ceremony
of the Summer Olympic Games.
Organizers are promising a dazzling
spectacle with plenty of surprises.
and later in the hour.
we're gonna take you behind the scenes
and show you
how some of that magic is made.
And finally. it's day 28 of
Bradley Jackson's detainment in Belarus.
We hope and pray that she will come home--
[switches off TV]
Mm-hmm. I understand. I understand.
But it-it has been a month. and every day
we keep having the exact same conversation
while people are forgetting
what's happening to her.
Yes. No. I-I understand. Thank you.
Well. they still won't designate
Bradley as unlawfully detained.
Not until they have more information.
So. we can just add that to the list
of fucked-up shit we cannot fix.
Did you hear anything that I just said?
What? Yes. C-Come here.
You have to see this.
- Come here. Look. Look. look. look.
- What's that?
Okay. This is the EPA report
on Wolf River.
- the one from 2019. right?
- Mm-hmm.
This is the internal Martel emissions doc
that Bradley sent over.
[Alex] They're nowhere close.
- The EPA numbers are way lower.
- [Chip] Mm-hmm. It's way lower.
And. I mean. I don't wanna sound crazy.
but what if somebody falsified
the EPA report?
And maybe...
maybe Martel paid them to do it.
I don't know. That's sounding
a little bit like a Bro conspiracy theory.
What. you mean the future Senator Hartman?
- Oh. don't say that.
- Okay. look.
- Just "what if" for a second. okay?
- Okay. okay.
Bradley's source works at Martel. okay.
She clearly was onto something
they didn't want her to know about.
If we can somehow prove that there was
a cover-up involving the EPA.
that's front-page news.
And then people start talking
about Bradley again.
That's it. that's it.
So now we just need to find somebody
who knows more about these numbers.
Uh. oh. wait. Bradley.
Didn't she say something
about Cory and the EPA report?
Remember? And that's
why he didn't run the story?
Maybe Cory lied.
Maybe he's just covering his ass.
- Mm-hmm.
- Jesus. Alex.
This means Bradley was right.
About all of it.
- [gate unlocks. opens]
- [gasps]
[people chattering]
You are having trouble sleeping?
Yes.
The light never turns off.
Please.
[officer] Who were you meeting in Minsk?
I ca... I can't.
- [officer] I need a name.
- [sighs]
Please. this person is not a dissident. I...
I'm not a spy.
- [footsteps depart]
- [breathes heavily]
[guards speaking Russian]
[sighs]
[heavy metal music playing]
[grunting]
- [high-pitched tone]
- [groaning]
[music stops]
- [Cory. in English] Ah. shit.
- [crew member] That's a cut!
- [buzzer sounds]
- [people chattering]
Goddamn it. Eric?
How long is it gonna take to fix this?
[Eric] Uh. give us a minute.
- [sighs]
- It's like The Matrix. Wow.
Yeah. And I'm dodging
twice as many bullets.
Well. at least you're back up and running.
How are things going with the. uh.
fancy new star?
Hey. how about you just ask me
what you came here to ask me.
- 'cause I'm a little busy right now.
- Hmm. Not in the mood for foreplay. huh?
Well. life is short and I love you.
but I'm not in love with you.
Okay.
So I have been sifting
through the information
that Bradley sent over
before she was detained.
It's paperwork from Martel Chemical.
Soil reports. groundwater tests.
and there's something weird.
The internal numbers of Martel don't match
the EPA report on Wolf River.
You know anything about this?
No. I don't.
Really? You're-You're totally in the dark?
As I explained to Bradley.
legal told me to move on
from the story in 2019. so I did.
I turned that page in my life.
and I'm not trying to go back.
- Okay. I get it--
- All right.
But even if it means
we could bring Bradley back home?
The only people
that can help Bradley right now
are the fine folks
at the State Department.
I agree. And if we break Bradley's story.
then it'll put pressure on them
to get on it. right?
Yeah. well. that's certainly a theory.
Well... [scoffs] Come on. man.
Like. I don't really know what's going on
between Bradley and the feds.
but they're clearly not bending over
backwards to help her right now.
Well. yeah. I mean. karma sucks.
doesn't it. Chip?
What is wrong with you?
Come again?
She's in a fucking gulag. man.
I understand you're mad at her
or something. but like--
Mad?
As I'm sure you know.
she strip-mined my phone.
and. I don't know. my fucking soul
on all things Wolf River.
Perfect timing. by the way. It really
set me up for the last couple of weeks.
I don't know if you've ever had
the honor of picking out an urn
for the pile of dust
formerly called your mother.
There's so many choices.
They got rosewood. they got ceramic.
they got biodegradable. they got engraved.
It is fantastic how we've managed
to incorporate death
into the consumer economy.
While we're on the subject.
quick question.
what do you think is worse?
Pretending to love someone
so you can fuck 'em over.
or killing yourself in front of them?
It's... you know... I just...
[groans]
Okay. I'm gonna go.
Well. that's the best idea
you had all day.
Copy of the EPA report on Wolf River.
- [sighs]
- Maybe it'll jog your memory.
And for what it's worth. man.
Bradley was genuinely torn up
about what happened between you two.
I-I think it really got to her.
I'm sorry for your loss.
[heavy metal music playing]
[music stops]
[sighs]
[gasping]
[door opens]
[Bradley groaning]
[winces]
[whimpers]
- You don't look well.
- [whispering] No.
[officer] Are you ready to sleep?
Yes. [sighing]
[sighs]
The name. then sleep.
We just want to talk to them.
That's all.
[people shouting]
[pencil scratching]
[Bradley groans]
[speaks Russian]
- [speaks Russian]
- [groans]
[door closes]
[heavy metal music resumes]
[music stops]
[Cory. in English] Why did you come back?
For you. obviously.
Mm-hmm. Well. yeah. I get that.
I'm totally irresistible.
Why did I come back?
I don't know.
I mean. if I'm being honest.
it was a little bit boring
teaching journalism.
[chuckles]
Also. I figured if nobody was gonna
punish me for what I did.
guess I could punish myself.
Maybe it's time to stop being punished.
Maybe there's been enough of that.
[whispering] You know
what I keep thinking about?
Hmm?
The night you told me you loved me.
[Cory inhales deeply] Hmm.
Even when your brother was missing
and you thought he might be dead?
Well. see.
that's what's so great about you.
is you have impeccable sense of timing.
Well. it's only been four years.
You feel like you're ready
to get back to me on that?
You scared the shit out of me that night.
Then how did we end up here?
Maybe I just wanted to figure out
what I was so scared of.
[breathing deeply]
Any answers?
I don't know.
It's like.
there's you.
and then there's everybody else.
But there's you.
- [sighs]
- And you're always with me.
Even when I don't want you to be.
You got in.
I don't know how you did it.
But you did.
So...
are we gonna try this?
[sighs]
[whispering]
I'm gonna fuck it up a little.
[whispering] Me too.
[sighs]
Well. as long as it's not just me.
I will do my very best to disappoint you.
Good.
Mmm.
[Ben] Oh. hey.
- Hey.
- You're here late.
You know me.
The Games are around the corner. So...
Hmm. Actually. I was looking for Layla.
but maybe you can help me?
After the whole Stella O24. uh...
Nuclear meltdown?
Well. I was gonna say. "situation."
- but yeah. sure.
- Oh. Okay.
Um. we've been triple-checking
the few AI elements
that we're gonna roll out in Paris.
In case Yanko's avatar starts talking
about how his radicalized ex-girlfriend
got dragged out of the building
by the FBI?
It's. uh... It's funny
you should mention that.
So. IT flagged something in their report.
It looks like there was some unauthorized
access of the Alex language model
from a TMS computer.
This happened a couple of months ago.
Uh. before you left. In May.
Do you mind taking a look at it for me?
I'm kinda buried.
TMS is not my problem anymore.
Well. it happened on your watch. so...
I'd really appreciate it.
Yeah. Sure.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
[sighs]
[exhales sharply]
["Where's the Catch?" playing]
[sighs]
[song continues]
[song fades out]
Do you remember anyone working
on AI projects for TMS back in May?
Somebody who would have had access
to Alex's avatar?
Uh. not really.
and why would anyone do that?
Yeah. I thought
all the AI stuff was Ben's team?
TMS is very hands-off on that.
- Right? Yeah. Uh...
- Right. Yeah. Thanks.
Cory?
[sighs]
What is it?
What's wrong?
[sighs]
Did you have something to do
with Bradley getting taken?
- Cory...
- Hey. just tell me.
Of course not.
Why would you think that?
Well. your family must have
a financial interest in Martel
since you paid Fred to bury the story.
I thought we'd put this behind us.
Yeah. we did. but Bradley brought it back.
She was getting close.
She was getting close to something.
and now not even the Red Cross
can get in to see her.
And you think
I had something to do with that?
I don't know what to think.
[sighs]
No one knew she was going.
Ask Alex. Ask anyone.
I think your family can help get her out.
And I think I can help your family.
Chip is looking into all of this.
and he's circling around the EPA report.
But he doesn't know
that I have the real one.
The one that proves that Martel is liable
for all the things they did
to those people.
And once Bradley is back.
you and your family can have the report.
An insurance policy.
Do whatever the fuck you want with it.
[scoffs] My family.
they can't wave a magic wand.
They can do something.
[sighs] Maybe.
I'll call them.
For you.
Cory...
[sighs]
I know you feel alone.
But I'm here.
I'm with you.
Come back to bed.
All right?
Hello?
Bart.
What are you doing here?
Deepfake of Alex?
You were there when the Iranians defected.
producing the segment.
Then you accessed the AI software.
Why?
Who told you to do that?
Tell me what you know
and I'll keep your name out of it.
[phone buzzing]
[sighs]
Mia...
[assistant] Ms... Uh. Ms. Levy?
You lied to me. You fucking lied.
The Iranians did not create that deepfake.
You did.
[shouting] Do you know how much
that fucked me up?
You stole my voice. You used me.
I don't even know
what you're talking about.
You were going to use that video
to get me fired.
and the only reason you didn't
is because things got complicated
with Zeke and those protesters.
My God. I'm starting to question
every single thing you have done
since you got here.
Preach sisterhood
and then you edge all of us out.
Laura. me. Stella...
Oh. Oh. so now you're blaming me
for her fuck-up too.
I expect your resignation
by the end of today.
Otherwise. I go to the board
and The New York Times.
I'm sorry.
I'm not resigning. You are.
And why would I do that?
Do you know how many laws you broke
when you went to the opera?
You did business with a Russian oligarch
sanctioned by the US government.
The FCC could shut us down
for a stunt like that.
As an executive at this company.
you acted against the well-being
of UBN and its shareholders.
You have 24 hours to step down.
[tense music playing]
[music fades]
[Alex] She knows.
Ivanov. the trade we were trying to make. everything.
I should have never reached out to him.
I knew this could blow back on us.
How the fuck did she find out?
I don't know. I don't know.
She just told me that I have 24 hours
to resign or-or she's gonna call the feds.
- Alex. that cannot happen.
- [sighs]
- Nobody can find out about this.
- I know that. I know.
[sighs. stammers] Bradley.
What about Bradley?
State Department already
dragging its feet.
Celine. she knew something like this
would completely compromise her case.
Bradley fucking Jackson.
My God. Stuck in a fucking gulag
in Eastern Europe
and she's still a human wrecking ball.
I just can't... can't believe
this 22 years. this is how it ends.
[inhales sharply] I worked
so fucking hard for that place.
Hey. hey. hey. hey. Listen to me.
- [sighs]
- You stopped me.
All right. I'm pretty sure
you can shut her down.
Now. if she knows
about some off-book trade.
then she's doing some backroom deals
of her own. which makes her vulnerable.
- You're right.
- So dig.
Find out where the bodies are buried.
Who knows her secrets?
["Undedicated" playing on speakers]
[knock on door]
- Hi.
- Oh. hi.
So sorry to drop in like this.
I know you have so much going on.
- Um. it's actually not a good time.
- I'm sorry. But I can't wait. honestly.
She wants me out.
Celine is forcing me out.
I'm supposed to... to resign.
I'm supposed to step aside
- like it's my fucking idea...
- Hey. can we talk about this tomorrow?
...and I'm not gonna fucking do that.
I know this has everything
to do with Bradley.
I can't prove it. but I know it.
And Cory. I know that you know her well.
so just give me some... some dirt on her.
- Come on. You traffic in this shit.
- [chuckles]
I don't care what it is. Insider trading.
- Tax evasion. I don't care.
- [sighs. groans]
- I just need something.
- [door opens]
- [Celine] Sorry I'm late.
- [keys jingle]
[door closes]
[sighs] I had...
Oh.
[song continues]
Okay. Of course.
I mean. just... [sighs]
Why wouldn't you?
[slams door]
[song stops]
[Yanko] Alex. you have been the heart
and soul of this network now for so long.
How does it feel to-to be saying goodbye?
It honestly... uh. bittersweet.
You know. this place has been my. uh...
my home. You guys are my family.
Heck. I know. Well. we feel the same way.
We just... I mean. this is so sudden.
Honestly. I just can't
quite believe it's happening at all.
Yeah. I know. Well. it's...
it's something that I've been. you know.
I've been thinking about for a while. so...
Well. we're gonna miss you in Paris.
- That's for sure. right?
- Mmm.
Can you talk about your decision?
What brought you to this moment?
[Alex] Well... [sighs] ...two years ago.
I think we felt the company
needed to change.
so I stayed through the merger
to help make UBN a place
that we could be proud of. where...
there's real transparency.
Real trust.
And you feel we've achieved that.
I do. Yes. I do.
And you know my... [clears throat]
...my best memories of this place.
it's not ju... you know.
not just the fun times we had
'cause we would have a lot of fun.
but it's also the storms
that we weathered together. you know.
And. um... Yeah. everybody said
that we would never make it.
that legacy media was dead.
and real journalism doesn't matter.
But it really does matter. right?
It matters more than ever.
[Yanko] Well. you've absolutely been our...
our resident truth-teller.
I mean. it's Unfiltered. you know.
Right there in the title of it.
Miles.
Celine.
Why are you here?
You haven't called.
This is my home.
- I live here.
- Well. not recently.
I needed time to think.
Oh.
And what great revelation
did you have out there in the woods?
That I wanted to come back.
figure things out.
But then. I found this.
[scoffs]
You were there at the studio without me.
[chuckles]
Please. Miles. After what you did--
Who were you with?
Do you understand I wasn't sure
I'd ever see you again?
Celine. who was it?
[sighs]
[phone buzzing]
- Yep.
- [doorman] Ms. Levy. your father is here.
[sighs]
Send him up.
Dad.
I've just had such a long day.
Don't worry. I won't stay long.
I realize that
after our last brief encounter.
I'm not the most welcome person here.
I just don't have it in me for
another round of all of that. you know.
No. no. no. None of that. I think
we both said all we needed to say.
No. it was just that I...
Well. I saw your show today.
[sighs]
Quite sudden. your decision to step away.
It's funny that all of a sudden
now you take interest in my career.
The day that it's over. [chuckles]
[chuckles]
Is this about losing the Biden interview?
[sighs] You know. no. It's just...
It's just... it was time.
I saw you at work.
You were in your element.
utterly engaged with the task at hand.
[inhales deeply]
You didn't look like someone
with one foot out of the door.
Heck. you reminded me of me
when I was your age.
Your performance today might have
fooled America.
But remember. I've been about a bit.
I know the hallmarks
of a forced confession.
Do you want to talk to me about it?
It's such a long story.
Well. that's the beauty
of a public disgrace.
Suddenly all you have is time.
Yeah. we gotta move
the production meeting up 'cause the...
- [banging on door]
- What the... Fuck me. I'll call you back.
- We need to talk.
- Oh. Miles. hi.
Well. yeah. [sighs]
Come on in.
Hey. Cory.
I should throw you out a fucking window!
Oh. please don't.
What do you want with my wife?
Ah. you know. we've got
a business arrangement.
Oh. is that what you're calling it?
Your late-night coke binge
with a little fucking on the side.
Oh. we have been
helping each other out a little bit.
You sure as shit haven't been around.
- How's Stella?
- Fuck you.
You think she's on your side?
You think she's got your back?
Like I said. we have an arrangement.
Oh. You have no idea. do you?
You can't see it.
You're the fall guy. Cory.
You always have been
ever since she made you Head of News.
Buddy. you're talking about Wolf River?
I already know about this.
And I should've known that
you knew about it too.
You have no idea what you were part of.
I think I do. I read the real EPA report.
Parting gift from my mother. Remember her?
She figured out that
Celine was gonna bury it.
so she left me a copy.
My own little get-out-of-jail-free card.
Oh. you think...
you think Martha was a whistleblower?
Oh. Cory.
No. no. She was part of it.
She brokered the deal with Celine.
Miles. you don't know
what the fuck you're talking about.
No. no. Yes. yes.
Your mom buried the original report.
And she had some friends over
at the EPA and she gave them a call.
And she paid them to doctor the numbers.
Now why the fuck would she do that?
For you.
Because you were spiraling in LA.
and Celine went to her
and promised to get you out
and get you a big old fancy job
in New York City. Head of News.
And Martha let you believe
that it was all you.
Cory Ellison. boy genius.
The brilliant son with the bright future.
Stay away from my fucking wife.
[door opens. closes]
Even if I wanted to fight back.
she has all the leverage.
I can't use the deepfake.
Bart won't go on the record.
I mean. we can still. you know.
pass it off to another journalist.
Laura Peterson.
She called me to see
if she could do anything to help.
I don't know about that. Given their
history. it might get a little muddy.
Why don't you do it?
You don't work for the company.
you haven't signed an NDA.
Yeah. that sounds great. Martin.
Why don't you just throw me to the sharks
- like a bucket of chum?
- Chip...
Yeah.
Look. Celine knows that
I've been working with Bradley.
If I take a run at her.
she's gonna turn around and sue me.
and then all of a sudden her attorneys
have access to all the information
that Bradley sent over. including where
to find the whistleblowers.
We can't do that.
They can't see our playbook.
But we want to see their playbook.
That's why you should sue her first.
beat her to the punch.
A lawsuit will mean document production.
Something embarrassing to them
might just slip through the cracks.
You're looking for a smoking gun.
Okay. so hold on.
So you're saying that I should sue Celine
and UBN for wrongful termination.
Yeah. Break your NDA. force their hand.
and see what comes out in the wash.
If I do that. it's war.
I mean. it's full-on war.
Yeah. she'll come for you.
There'll be casualties.
Yes. of course
there are gonna be casualties.
Look what happened to the lawyer
in Wolf River.
They completely destroyed his life.
- Chip. I-I-I...
- Alex. hold on a second.
Listen to me. okay?
There are calculated risks.
And then there are just suicide missions.
The minute that you sue Celine.
you put yourself
right in the fucking crosshairs.
- And then once her family gets involved--
- So what?
You're just saying that I don't say
a word. Just let her win. That's it.
- Story over.
- Okay.
- Well...
- Listen. Dad.
You're the lawyer in the room.
What would you do?
If you sue her first.
then you start with the advantage.
You catch her unawares.
She's got no idea you're coming for her.
[phone buzzing]
Yeah. who the fuck is this?
Mr. Ellison.
it's Max Kimmel from The Vault.
I'm calling about Alex Levy's resignation.
No. I don't have any comment about that.
I'm hearing a rumor
she's holding a press conference today.
Some big revelation
about why she left UBN.
You know anything about that?
Mr. Ellison? Hello?
[elevator bell dings]
- Hey.
- Oh! Gotta be kidding me.
- Alex. just hold on.
- Honestly. Cory. just move.
or I'm gonna take you outside
and throw you in front of a fucking bus.
A press conference?
Are you out of your fucking mind?
You don't take Celine Dumont
head on in public.
Imagine... She's gonna turn over every rock.
everything that you've ever done.
everything... everything that hurts.
Everyone that you have ever fucked.
everyone you've ever fucked over.
- Mm-hmm.
- Bringing Bradley back after January 6th?
That's coming out too.
And when it does. yeah. trust me.
no one will believe a word that comes out
of your mouth ever again.
You will be a punch line
on late-night television.
and then you're gonna disappear.
So be it.
[Cory] Oh. my...
- [grunts]
- Alex. I swear to God.
I'm trying to protect you. And Bradley.
Oh. is it? Is that why...
Is that why you're sleeping with Celine
- while she's in a fucking prison cell?
- This is not how you do it.
It actually is. This is how I do it.
And you're right. I am gonna fuck up
my entire life but I don't give a shit.
I don't care.
I'm not gonna stand around and do nothing.
I'm gonna prove
that story that she's after is real.
And then maybe someone will finally
give a shit and get her ass out of there.
Fucking chicken.
[Chris] President Biden is facing
increasing pressure to drop out
- of the presidential race after...
- [Jamal] Ready.
- Slow push-in on Yanko.
- ...his widely panned debate performance.
- Nice. Good.
- Senior Democrats.
at first reticent to criticize
the president have begun
to let their skepticism be known.
If Biden does withdraw. it will be an
unprecedented move by a sitting president.
especially with the election
just months away.
- Hey. You seen this?
- [Layla] Hmm?
Chip is live streaming at the courthouse.
Wait. Is this about Alex?
Uh. Channing Tatum is stuck in traffic.
We're gonna have to float the segment.
See if he'll reschedule till Monday
and run the package on Project RattleCam.
- Okay.
- We need to get this up on the monitor.
Yep.
Yesterday. I went on The Morning Show
to announce that
I had decided to step away from UBN.
That was a lie.
[crowd murmuring]
The truth is I was forced out
by acting CEO Celine Dumont.
who is trying to shut down a story
that implicates her in a cover-up
at the network.
A story that
Bradley Jackson was investigating
when she was detained overseas
about a chemical company's efforts
to hide the lethal impact
of its toxic emissions.
And that is why today we are filing
a wrongful termination lawsuit
against Celine Dumont and UBN
for blocking Alex Levy's efforts
to expose their own criminal wrongdoing.
To paraphrase George Orwell.
"Journalism is printing what someone else
doesn't want printed."
In this case. that someone is
Alexandra Levy's former employer.
What's going on?
Alex is down at the courthouse?
Yeah. and she's declaring war.
...to buy off employees and
to silence anyone who dares to push back.
- Holy shit.
- Does anybody know something about this?
No fucking clue.
I just knew that goodbye segment
was bullshit.
- [Kabir] With all due respect. Alex...
- We should run this.
...you have a long history
of hiding unflattering truths.
One day you're having a kumbaya moment
on morning television. and less than...
[phone buzzing]
I'm about to step into a meeting.
[Ben] Are you seeing this? Alex is down
at the courthouse. She's filing a lawsuit.
I'm sending you a link.
What?
The lawsuit will prove our claim that
Ms. Dumont is criminally compromised.
and therefore unfit
to run a news organization.
Oh. putain.
Celine. what is going on?
[Kabir] ...to what happened in O24?
Is Stella Bak involved?
We should cover this. at least on digital.
Absolutely not. She's spreading lies
about the network. She's out of her mind.
[reporter] How much are you suing for?
Is this just a cash grab?
[Alex] This is about
Celine Dumont's efforts
to protect
her family's corporate interests.
to use UBN as a propaganda arm.
- [Kabir] Well. let's be honest. if...
- Um. we're going to continue
with the scheduled programming.
So we just do nothing?
Other networks are running this.
This is news.
Whoa. Mia. She's defaming Celine.
She's defaming the network.
We are days away from the Olympics. I...
This is going to stick to you too.
You know that. right?
[Martin] ...the entire network
to Ms. Dumont.
- [Kabir] This isn't about the cover-up?
- You've gotta run this.
It's a palace coup.
It's both.
And Ms. Dumont is the insurrectionist.
[Kabir] From what I can see.
Alex is the one tossing bombs.
What is the real endgame here?
Get a crew down there now.
Jamal. cue up Chip's feed.
Can we break now?
- Yeah. in about 20 seconds.
- I need a crew live at the courthouse.
- You need to update the rundown.
- Right now.
Yanko and Chris. we're cutting
to commercial early. It's breaking news.
We're going live now to the
Supreme Court building on Center Street...
- [phone buzzes]
- [sighs. speaks French]
- [in French] Arnaud. I've got this.
- Do you? You said this was handled.
And there's Alex. Talking.
No one's going to take her seriously.
You sure about that?
'Cause she's live
on your own fucking network.
[in English] And I understand
my credibility is in question.
- And I fully expect Celine Dumont...
- [phone buzzes]
...to do everything to discredit me.
Hey. are you seeing the spectacle
Alex is making of herself?
Yes. and we need to kill this now.
Where are you?
I'm here. I'm at the courthouse.
You know that everything goes away
if you can't stop her.
You. me. our future. all of it.
[Cory] I know. I know. Hey. Celine.
I just want you to know that.
the last few weeks.
I wouldn't have made it without you.
[sighs]
It was for us.
We're so close. We're so close. Cory.
- [Cory] Holy shit.
- A former employee at the network
- was chasing down an informant...
- I'm here. It's a fucking circus.
I told her not to push back.
I gave her a way out.
It's not the first time that she's crossed
the line when it comes to Bradley.
It's her pressure point.
- Okay.
- It's how we're gonna shut her down.
Tell her if she doesn't stop.
Bradley will never come back home.
Uh. Celine. can you tell me that again?
I can't hear you.
Tell her if she doesn't stop.
I will find a way to keep Bradley
in Belarus forever!
[echoing] Tell her if she doesn't...
Hello?
Are you there?
We're all listening.
Go on.
[reporters murmuring. chattering]
- Oh. fuck.
- [Mia] What the fuck?
[in French] What the fuck?
[Kabir. in English]
She was making these threats...
What exactly is she trying to cover up?
[Alex] I'm gonna prove
that story that she's after is real.
And then maybe someone will finally
give a shit and get her ass out of there.
And what if you can't find it?
Wait. What does that mean?
You won't win.
You won't find what you need
to take Celine down.
How do you know that?
I think I maybe killed my mom.
What?
Cory.
[people murmuring]
[Cory] She gave me something.
She sold her soul for it
and gave it to me.
Does it have to do with Bradley?
Wolf River?
[Cory] She tried to tell me about it
before she died.
I shut her down.
I think maybe she just couldn't face me.
I think that's why she did it.
[Alex] Or maybe she gave it to you
so you would do what she couldn't.
[Celine] Tell her if she doesn't stop.
I will find a way
to keep Bradley in Belarus forever!
Tell her if she doesn't...
- [shutters clicking]
- [reporters murmuring]
Hello?
Are you there?
We're all listening.
Go on.
Well. I guess you all heard.
Celine Dumont will do anything
to shut this story down.
- Ms. Dumont.
- Get out.
- The board is--
- Get out!
[Kabir] Why is Ms. Dumont
making these threats?
What exactly is she trying to cover up?
[Martin] We have strong evidence that
Ms. Dumont offered bribes...
[in French]
We need to leak the Ivanov story.
Alex asking favors of oligarchs.
That will get us out of this mess.
I warned you. Celine!
I told you to stop!
- I'm coming.
- You've totally fucked us.
["Porcelain" playing]
[no audible dialogue]
[Kabir. in English]
So this cover-up you're alleging.
you're saying Dumont worked directly
with the EPA?
No. not... not exactly.
[Kabir] So. this is all just speculation?
[camera shutters clicking]
No. No. it's not.
The deal was brokered
by lobbyist Martha Ellison.
who kept a copy of the report.
She then gave it to her son. Cory Ellison.
who has chosen to step forward in
the interest of the victims of Wolf River
and in support of Bradley Jackson.
[music continues]
[Yanko] As UBN prepares to host the
Paris Summer Games. there's no word yet
on who will lead the company following
the departure of Celine Dumont.
The board is expected to choose
an interim CEO within the next few weeks.
And as always.
we're thinking of Bradley Jackson.
It's day 35 of her detainment in Belarus.
[Mia] Thought you'd be in Paris.
No. uh...
I'm on the red-eye tonight.
We should grab dinner when you get there.
talk about Chris's development slate.
Yeah. I know this great restaurant
in the 3rd arrondissement.
Plastic tablecloths. judgy waiters.
- You'll love it.
- [chuckles]
Well. now that Celine is out.
just gonna be you and me
keeping this place afloat.
Yep. You and me. once again.
- I'll see you in Paris.
- Mm-hmm.
[Celine] Miles. forgive me
for leaving without saying goodbye.
I thought it might be easier.
for both of us.
[in French] Dad said he'll meet you
at the Cap-Ferrat house.
- Not at the office?
- No.
It's crawling with lawyers.
as you can imagine.
- Is there a problem?
- No.
No problem.
[Celine. in English] My father will make
me the scapegoat for all of this.
He'll throw me to the wolves
and watch them devour me.
Alex?
Yes. I'm in the kitchen.
- I'm just heading out. What's going on?
- Hey. Uh. uh. I just... [chuckles]
I would just feel better if I knew exactly
what you are walking into.
[stammers] I'm fine. I'll figure it out.
And what if this thing falls apart?
It won't. It's not gonna fall apart.
You still haven't spoken to Bradley?
- No. not directly.
- And no one has laid eyes on her?
- No.
- Alex. Alex...
I could come with you.
I could be there on the ground
in case this thing goes sideways.
Given that
the feds are basically hands-off--
Listen. I really appreciate the offer.
but you have done plenty.
Really. This is on me now.
And I'm not... I'm not going to leave
that airport without her. I'm not.
It's the coming back part that
I'm worried about.
You afraid I'm gonna steal the keys
to your GV and move to Bali?
Yeah. Right.
But then who would drag me
into these highly
compromising international incidents?
Yeah. I think I've been enough of a pain.
Well. I'm developing a tolerance.
[sighs]
I gotta go.
I owe you for all of this.
Let's call it even.
Yeah. Okay.
[elevator dings]
[both sigh]
All set. The security team
is letting us run this.
- It's time.
- Okay.
[breathing heavily]
[gentle music plays]
[gasps. breathes heavily]
[breathing shakily]
[sobbing]
[breathing heavily]
[sobbing continues]
[Alex] It's okay. I got you. I got you.
Thank you for coming to get me.
I'm sorry I fucked it all up.
[Alex] No. you didn't.
I was wrong. The story's out there.
You don't understand.
You changed everything.
- I did?
- Yes.
Let's get you home.
You're okay.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm